Brother Wenxin, this contract is real
Are you kidding me?
It's written in black and white.
As long as you sign it, it will take effect immediately
What's there to doubt?
Brother Wen Xin, that's not what I meant
Just the lecturer group
Suddenly 60 billion project to our Zhao family
I feel a little too surprised
Brother Wen Xin
You also know the current situation of our Zhao family
You gave me this project
No amateur, just me, the Zhao family is in water and fire
I really don't know how to repay you.
Our Zhao family will always remember your kindness
I don't need your Zhao family to repay me
But I only have one condition.
That's what you're going to marry me for
Mu Yan
This starry sky is the heirloom of our Jiang family
Now I give it to you with my own hands.
I hope you can be with me
Warm brother, this is too sudden
I know it's hard for you to accept for a while
But it doesn't matter.
You can think about it, I'll wait for you.
Xiao Wuji, I robbed your most beloved woman
What do you do?
Time is up.
Now.
I should go and charge your inorganic battery.